 Hey y'all, it's Jess Hilarious here with Hazel the Beauty RN. Hazel, as you know, I'm having my second child. Is there anything that you can do to help me get back to feeling my best? Of course, we can do some under eye filler, Advogal laser facial, which is perfect for skin tightening and skin rejuvenation, and there's no need for surgery. It's a perfect mommy makeover. I'm booking my consultation with Hazel the Beauty RN right now. Call 212-772-3411 or visit hazelthebeautyrn.com. Hazel the Beauty RN.com. We are in the house with Kevin Durant, ladies and gentlemen. Let's go! You know I got all your shoes. KD7s, KD8s. Get off my... You've had this crazy career. Where does becoming a prime athlete stack? So I've won an NBA MVP, gold medal. I would say prime right now. Yeah. When celebs come into your game, are you ever distracted? I wouldn't say distracted, but I do acknowledge things. So would you be nervous if I went to your game? I wouldn't even know you were there. Do you follow football, also known in America as soccer? Sometimes. Who would you say is the GOAT? Ronaldo we are in the house with Kevin Durant ladies and gentlemen KD in the house Let go High energy How you feeling boss I feel good brother Bro you don look too enthused Do you hate us? It's just my normal look. I get that a lot though. Really? Like, say my exterior just looks unapproachable, but I feel like I'm the warmest guy in the room all the time. The nicest guy in the NBA. That's what you've been described as. Really? Do you agree with that notion? I don't want that tag. Really? Yeah, too nice. I'm in a combat sport, man. I can't be too nice. Hey, it gets rough out there. I don't think people understand. It's a real combat sport. Hand to hand, a lot of hand to hand action. You ever throw down? Like would you ever take a celebrity fight? No. Against Jake Paul? Hell no. Nah, man, I see how he did a couple NBA players. You gonna watch his Mike Tyson fight? Of course. Who's gonna win? it's a young man's sport man yeah this man been training for a long time how long you been training he's at like six years come on non-stop come on man what like they got hair gear on no no they not you know that saying beware of the old man at war because it a young man game yeah people that survive are the ones you got to about Mike Tyson is still in the ring You gotta worry about that You right It Mike Tyson He not a human There's human fighters, then there's Mike Tyson. So if he wins, is this gonna count for you? I believe it's an exhibition. Will you celebrate like it's a- Yeah, yeah. A W? Will you celebrate every night? Yeah, we will. We will. We'll celebrate. They don't celebrate at all. He doesn't celebrate at all. What do you do after fights? He plays Tetris. I like Tetris. Yeah, yeah, I play Tetris. after fights? Yeah, okay, yeah, yeah. I'll drink sometime, yeah. Come on, bro. I gotta stay focused, you know. I do a combat sport. Yeah. You know? I was just at WrestleMania last night. I know. We got here from Philadelphia seven minutes ago before this shoot, and I'm cooked, I'm exhausted, bro. It was fun though. Is that how your life is? Do you just go one thing to the next thing to the next thing, you fly to a city, go to a photo shoot, leave there, go to a game? Yeah. find time to play Tetris yourself? Yeah, I just got done playing Call of Duty for like Oh, you do? For like three or four hours. Wait, is it Rebirth? Rebirth's back? Yeah. Fuck, dude. You guys play? Hell yeah. I'm a nerd, bro. Like Tetris and Pokemon. I know He does not fuck with Pokemon No It like an evolution of gaming now bro Fucking Pokemon Tetris I know bro I old school You like Rubik Cube and shit I have one in my bag Yeah, bro. You know who else we just signed to Prime? New Prime athlete, Max Park. He holds the world record for the speed cube. He's the fastest 3x3 and 5x5. I was saying that, guy. What is it, a couple seconds? Yeah, yeah. He's unbelievable. You were... I think I was most excited to sign him and you were just behind him. and I gotta say we are stoked to have you on the team. I'm glad to be a part of it, man. I like what y'all doing over here. I love what y'all doing over here. Thanks, bro. Don't include me in it. We're trying. Yeah, he doesn't have that. Oh, you're the fucking, one of the faces, bro. I hear you all the fucking time. He's the what? He's the deaf? Like, what, dude? I just hear you all the time, bro. Dude, so you've had this crazy career. I gotta know where does becoming a prime athlete stack in your top moments of your life? All right, so I've won an NBA MVP. I won a gold medal championship I would say prime right on that yeah yeah that's sick dude that's incredible right there dude you are a deep guy I can tell and especially your twitter your x account that's what twitter is for
 or is for the deep, wild thoughts that we have, right? It's just grown to some bullshit now, but before... I'm gonna say, how old are you guys? 28. How old are you? Oh shit, I'm 29 now. I'm under 40. Just my birthday. Come on, bro. I'm 35, bro. I'm under 40. Just tell me. You just told me. I'm 39. So we was around when Twitter just came, when the app just came around, right? So we would've, I feel like I was like one of the first 20 people on Twitter. Yeah, you were the guinea pig. Yeah, exactly. But it was always crazy, but now it's just... What do you think's happened to it since, like over the past? It's got too corporate. That's what I think. You really think so? Yeah. What do you think about all the like, do you think the Illuminati's trying to touch your toes when you sleep and shit like that? No, I see. Conspiracies, I don't try to go too deep into that shit. Really? Yeah, it's just too, like, you can never know the truth. They're running rampant on Twitter, yeah. That's a good point. How do you, yeah, like how do you do that with never ending up with any proof of if you're right or wrong? It's just a... You just piss people off. It's a mind fuck. You piss people off and most of the damage is being done to yourself. So you're okay with opening up on Twitter though? Your strangers are hearing your thoughts. It depends on me opening up. I'll tell you what I'm thinking in the moment. Some funny shit that won piss nobody off or I just give opinions on some shit that piss people off No I don do that But if it some funny stuff I see some stuff I listening to I you know show people tell people what I doing But what about the trolls? I'm a troll, so I can fit right in. Ah, ah. Does any of it ever, like, mess with you? Because I remember one specific. I don't know why people get so obsessed with someone's skin, bro. Because like, honestly, zoom in on my shit, bro. My shit's dry. as fuck, it looks like the desert. Like did that whole shit mess with you at all? No, because black people, we get ashy as fuck. Right. And I come from not having no lotion in the house. So I know how to operate being ashy, bro. Come here. See, my thing is, before I play, I don't like to put a lot of lotion and shit on because my hands get slippery when I catch the ball. Of course, tell them about what happened at WWE because the oil slipped off the rope. You can't trust that baby oil. Yeah, so I got the shower. I might lotion my hands. That's it. Yeah. How could you? I just feel too sweaty for one, and then the ball might slip off my hand when I'm playing. But did you increase your moisturizer game at night as a result of it? Yeah You did Yeah Yeah I get the heavy like the Luperderm lotion That lasts all night and shit that so good bro so you met i show speed you beat him in a game of horse already yeah kicked his ass i don't think he made a shot yeah i don't think he did either stick to sports when you use your feet bro just the balls touching your feet everything else just leave it to me bro i'm better than you in basketball bro i am i'm just not trying you know because i'm because you being calm right now but if I was bro I like I said I used to be a five-star five-star college five-star basketball person when I was in high school I was a five-star like prospect athlete when I was in high school where where word yeah word in Ohio oh yeah why didn't you pursue that because I started doing YouTube oh yeah you see okay hey so on the jet over here we're talking about your ankles yeah oh yeah so they were saying that we got the same ankles I was like oh let's see so I was in Cleveland see when you go to Ohio that's when you just can't just it cold in it gets really cold the thorn the lotion and it still just hey we both from Ohio that exactly in the winter not getting but I don if if I don put lotion on my hands they will crack and bleed I used to have to put petroleum jelly on my hands and sleep with socks on. Nah, I ain't never did that. That's weird. It's weird. But what a stupid. Huh? No, I'm from Cincinnati, Ohio. Down south Ohio. I've been there before. You've been there? It's like the worst part. But it's funny. Only for a Bengal game. What else you go to Cincinnati for? Oh, a Riz game. Chili. Chili. Skyline. Oh, Go Start Chili. You got rid of that? No. I was there in and out, bro. Skyline Chili. Oh, yeah, well. They put their chili on top of spaghetti there. Yes. Yes. I didn't even know that. Because I'm a food guy. Yeah. Is it good? Yeah. It's like a Cincinnati tradition. Like, no other city, no other country does it. It's called a chili hot dog. You know, they put cheese, chili, and a hot dog, and they put it in a bun, and you, like, eat it. I swear you could get that elsewhere. You said it was spaghetti, though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Like, spaghetti. Like, no flavor spaghetti. put chili on top of it and cheese. And then a hot dog? No, no, no, no, no. It's just a three-way. It's called a three-way. That's nasty. No, it's not. You got to try it. This is a perfect segue to your reasons why you're single. No, no, no, no, no. I swear. KD, I swear to you. I swear to you. No, I swear to you. You think I really wrote that down? Oh, you didn't write this? You were trolling? No, I didn't. That was a fake account.
 bro way too player to write some shit down like that but is any but is any of it remotely true though hell no so why are you single because i don't want a girlfriend just that simply put yeah i think that's why we broke i have my moments where i think that's why we broke up we man we got our moments of times i feel like you got your heart broken one time heartbroken yeah nah bro i did too i feel like you got your heart broken one time and that just really he fucked you up. I wouldn't say I had my heart broken. I've, uh, I started to understand women a little bit more as I got, well, early on, I understood that like, she's not mine. Even if she may be my girlfriend, she, she might be influenced by other people. KD, you're selling yourself short of the greatest energy in this world that is love. I mean, he's right, but bro. I don't trip on that relationship. If we having a good time for a moment, then cool. if you end up venturing off, and I do too, it is what it is. But don't you know anybody that's been married for decades? Yeah. I know some people that are married for a couple weeks. Yeah, but you're focusing too much on those people. I'm focusing on everything. When you go onto the court, do you manifest that you're the best on the court? Manifest Or do you believe it Do you truly believe that you the best out there I just do my job you not giving me anything here I really do because I believe you believe that love was out there for you would find it you're a great guy you're the nicest guy in the NBA I'm not see you think I really actually made that list I didn't well I yeah why did we get that into no no because he shared it and that way was but I did not share that though wait Dylan what's going on here? someone made that oh it's a photoshop someone photoshopped to make you look soft like those NBA like parody accounts and shit oh so let's blame Dylan then bad context I don't care what you're saying it's your fault you thought I made that too? everyone did it went viral people really thought it was fake news can and the news can circulate that fast. Hell yeah, bro. Did you not see all the Ryan Garcia stuff lately? Are you not tapped in all of that? I have seen a lot of it. Have you seen it? Yes. That's not him? No, it's him. No, it is. But he said there's going to be, he said the other day that there's going to be an earthquake in Los Angeles. No shit, dog. Everybody can predict that. Oh, yeah. There's probably one every day. Yeah, legit. Legit, bro. Hey, you just got to find the right girl, man. Come on bro Stop talking to me like I need advice on how to pick this one up No no no Trust me Trust me and he got his heart broken one i should be just like him i should be just like him like every time i explain my stares to people they say shit like no i get it bro you just been hurt or you just bro i enjoy spending time with it's just it's just not as long as maybe you like to spend time with people man bro that one days for me is cool but that one hand won't last bro forever bro you you need something that's... Hand? You don't need... No, now I'm going to argue on his side. You're 16, bro. You cannot compare yourself to me and you're 16, bro. You have no other resource but your hand. So please don't put me in the same tier as you when it comes to that. You know what I'm saying? You're right. You're not even... You're a youngster. No, I'm not. No, I'm 19, but I mean... But you ain't had no... I had a little something, but I still... Your hand will always be there for you. Come on, bro. Stop. I shouldn't even have dapped you up. Talk about your hand, bro. Ace beats you crazy, bro. I've been had a couple days with you at length. Now you're wild, bro. Wow. He asked me why I was laughing when he said something before. When he says anything, I just laugh, bro. For some reason. Yeah, like what delivery? It's your delivery. You're funny, bro. You just funny You a funny dude Okay I think you trying to be funny now I not trying literally just sitting here i just saying what you mean like i just you got any kids no well the only reason i asked is because uh i have a kid i can get him a girl i have a kid on the way congrats man thank you really thank you bro yeah yeah you got us yeah but it hasn't broke yet it it this is actually my first time saying anything publicly yeah what yeah but i'll have announced it by the time this podcast is out. So if you guys are hearing this, keep that on the DL. We know it's a boy or girl yet? We don't know. Are you going to do the whole gender reveal shit? Yeah. I seen some crazy ass. How long did it take you though? Yeah, we weren't even trying. Oh, you was just doing it? Yeah. Yeah. Because sometimes it takes people That's mad personal, bro. You're right. That's some 19 year old shit. It is crazy. You are so young, Speed. I'm not young, bro. I'm like, as I get older, like every day I feel like I'm getting older and older, you know? Well, that makes sense. I think all of us. Kevin Durant Kevin Durant You know I got all your Like bro I got all your shoes Like KD7s KD8s Like Hey y'all it's Jess Hilarious Here with Hazel the beauty All right Hazel as you know I'm having my second child Is there anything That you can do To help me get back To feeling my best Of course We can do some Under eye fill
 or Advogol Laser Facial, which is perfect for skin tightening and skin rejuvenation, and there's no need for surgery. It's a perfect mommy makeover. I'm booking my consultation with Hazel, the beauty RN, right now. Call 212-772-3411 or visit HazelTheBeautyRN.com. Hazel, the beauty RN.com. Roll out. From the director of Toy Story 4. Buckle up. Transformers 1 is the best origin movie ever made. Woo-hoo! It's the biggest and best surprise of the year. this you're going to change everything awesome transformers one now playing only beaters pg trying to hear that right there bro we have a solid combo okay all right yeah you're right you're right yeah you know what yeah that was that was a curveball yo kd this is also one of speed's first podcasts that he's ever done yeah two and you're making him feel hella uncomfortable don't you stream every day yeah but it's different podcast you don't interview you you don't talk to people on your stream? Yeah, I do. Are you competing with other streamers or do y'all have like beef within the stream? No, I feel like nah. I feel like I'm to a point, like there like levels of streaming you know Oh you on a different level Yo you wanna know what he is He part of the big three They got just like hip hop Streamers got a big three You Kai who else Aiden Aiden. Aiden. Yeah, it's kind of like, so it's like, like, yeah, like we're all like, like we all drive each other, but I want, it's kind of like you and like fucking LeBron or something. No, I get it. Like it's not beef. It's like friendly, like you want to like, Exactly. You want to just be, just be, be just as good as. Yeah, exactly. Or so, you know what I mean? you just want to stay on that elite level. Yeah, exactly. They pushed me, I pushed them, you know, it's like a vice versa. Yeah, I feel that. Who's the big three in the NBA right now in your eyes? Don't just say just big me. Is that what you're gonna say? No, hell no. I mean, if you would look at it, you could say LeBron, Steph, myself. I mean, the NBA is different, right? Ain't no big threes. It's like a big 30. Like, you know what I'm saying? We all got our different, especially now, everybody got their own brands and shit. It's a lot moving in the league, but the three oldest that's still playing at a high level is probably me, Bron and Steph. So that's probably- Kawhi, it's like PG. It's like a lot of guys, bro. It's hard to just put three in there. It's harder to be that good for that long. Longevity in any sport is the toughest thing. You been so good for so long Do you love basketball How do you keep doing it I think just care like energy man When I come into the gym I just really I feel like I felt when I was a kid coming in here bro You see, I came in here and just picked the ball up, start shooting, that shit just, I enjoy seeing the ball go through the rim. Do you love basketball? Of course. A lot of other shit I don't like around it, you know, like the media and sometimes and the fame. Like this shit. Like this bullshit. I like y'all. Yo, back, yo. Oh, look how he's sitting. Nah. All right, no. He's next. You got your leg cocked up. Nah, because I was like literally gazing in my eye. Yeah, you were gazing. No, because it's really for real back up from off. I'm just like, this is like beautiful. Like I'm here like, and I'm talking. For real, bro. Lean up or something, bro. Because just, yeah. But yeah, but I mean, I love the lifestyle, though, man. I love this shit. Bro, you're the captain of the Olympic team. I don't want to say the captain, but I'm a vet. That's what they're saying. I'm a vet. That's crazy, man. Yeah bro, been at this shit since I was around 18. How long you gonna do it? I don't know man, that's a good question. That's a good question. I mean, right now I still feel good. I mean, I'm 35, about to be 36 next season. So but this shit is a young man game too I was gonna add physically you know age has gotta be catching up to you to you at some point Yeah it will It will You got crazy recovery methods No not too crazy No ice bath I do that sometimes here and there. I get stretched a lot. How do you handle stress? No, stretched. Stretched. Stretched. How do you handle stretch? Like two hour stretch, like real, like real shit. Were you doing that before the Achilles injury? A little, I just had started doing some of that stuff before the Achilles was crazy. Crazy, what was the recovery like from that? Cause that was such a serious injury. It was like 700 days until I really felt like me again in the court. It's that bad, huh? It's a serious injury. Yeah, cause you gotta realize like you just, it's like pulling a plug out the socket when you split your Achilles and you lose some of that power that you had before in your calf muscle. So you got to build your calf muscle all the way. And then you get atrophy, which your calf gets smaller because you haven't moved it for three or four months. So you just got to build that calf back up. Are they equal strength now? So how do you compensate for that? Because obviously if you're not equal on both sides, you're more susceptible to. Yeah, I mean, what you lack in one side, your body just naturally just.
 balances you out. Do you have anything else on your body right now that you're taking extra care of? Nah. I mean, I had some injuries. I had an MCL injury. I had a fucking screw in my foot. I have horrible arthritis in my right ankle, and they want to do fusion on it. They want to take the ankle joint out and just fuse the leg to the bone at a right angle like a club foot. I've seen that. I've heard of that. I don't really want to do it because I don't want to have a right Do you wake up sore? I'm in 10 out of 10 pain every day. It's a war every day. You take painkillers and shit? No, I can't because I used to do heroin. I got a question. Why your phone cracked? I could drop it, bro. I thought you dropped it. I got another one at the house. You know you don't just want to transfer your shit sometimes. Is your phone naked? You have a case on it? I got a case. I just put it on there because it's cracked. So when I FaceTime, somebody can't really see me. All right. But fuck it, it's working. You like the ocean? You got like a connection to that? You see that boat back there? Oh, it's a yacht. Is that yours? No, no, no. Is that the goal? That's a bad investment. Horrible. It a yacht It not a bad investment You can have people rent it It still bad That work You know what boat stands for Break out another thousand That's what they say boat. They said the only two days you're happy about a boat is the day you buy it and the day you sell it. Unless you spend seven months out the year on it. Which Bezos. Bezos does that. That type shit. Geffen. I don't even think. Yeah, Geffen for sure. Geffen's got us crazy. His boat is stupid. Crazy. You ever been on it? No. that's when the Illuminati rumors start usually. The yachts are like the last step. Yeah, you go on the wrong boat, I mean, you might as well be in the Illuminati. Just be careful what boat you're in. Explain to me, I've been hearing about this word for so long. We can't explain it. Oh, we can't explain it. Other than we get accused of being in it. Well, he does, not me, because of my shoes. It's almost like you wanna be accused of. I think it means in a way like you may have. Yeah, but as far as I know, I haven't been approached by any like black cloak people or like, I'm waiting for the conversation. At which point, like I promise I'll share it with you guys. Like I'm- I heard it's the white party, the Ruben's white party. I'm serious. I heard when you go in there, they have like a desk, like one of those desks where you sign in. Yeah, I'm serious. With like clipboards and shit Ruben he wants to go No no no He wants to go to the party Mike is upset he doesn get the invite I never I never getting that shit bro They don want me there Come on That like reverse psychology He was at WrestleMania he was I saw him talking to your brother yeah, yeah ask him some weird questions Are you gonna do more of that shit? Dude? I think I'm gonna pursue it. Well not no. Yeah. Yeah, not I think I'm gonna do I did sign. Yeah. Yeah, I did sign. I'm like what's those do what does look like? like what's your I want to say healthy but compared to your deals I don't know come on bro that's a billion dollar corporation isn't it they got money they got money it's a fantastic job I will say that what WWE yeah what's the other one AEW AEW's the other one yeah yeah yeah no but I'm gonna do it bro I think I could become champ if I just put my mind to it and commit oh yeah easily I like it but The Rock The Rock came back last night The Rock came back last night John Cena Undertaker it was actually crazy if you if you're bored no i'm going youtube that dog it'll give you i felt like a little boy again watching this this scene unfold it was incredible did they look did they still look athletic though yeah geez yeah yeah dude even undertaker who like 70 years old undertaker appeared in the the ring The bell rang Lights went out Lights went out Lights come on He's standing behind the rock. Sick. Choke slams him. Lights go out. Lights go back on. The rock and him are gone. That's fire. He was there for 60 seconds. That's incredible. We were freaking out. That's insane. Yeah, man. That's that nostalgia. Yeah, bro. Which, by the way, is why I play Pokemon and Tetris. Not to bring it back, but nostalgia for me is like- It's one of the things that makes me feel still I'm so numb to shit now, dude. Wow I know everything dope. I'm not knowing. I've just done a lot of stuff dopamine overdose See, I don't want to get to that point you do you're going you will you will you don't want to get well? We've been with too many girls and that was messes you up He's red pill he's red pill he's right Your dopamine all no, but it's not just girls all of it every time you're in a box watching Undertaker on a jet watching explosions all that stuff everything so you're saying that's harming you yes because think about the people that were at Wrestlemania last night they all looked forward to that for the full year every day they were like Wrestlemania is 6 months away 5 months away no no it's great because for us every weekend is Wrestlemania in some way shape or form
 you're in this place you're at f1 like like like bro you got the grammys you're at this on the plane here we saw the solar eclipse from 40 000 feet in the air fire we just happened so sick we intentionally did it so it intersected it but like bro that's a once in a lifetime event i mean why not take advantage of it yeah imagine him in the cockpit yelling at the pilot turn the plane around do a 360 we want to be in the tote we want to see the totality totality bro and he did Yeah, because he was threatening violence. I might have to pull that off one time. Just turn this shit around. When's the next one? See if I got that power. When's the next eclipse? Oh, yeah. Solar eclipse is a different scientific term. You got to wait for the XY for the 341 Pi. So in around about 25.87 years will be the next one. And what cause is it? It'll be in South America, though, since the equator changes from each year. So. What? I'm like speaking fast. You be speaking all fast and then you say a bunch of bullsh**. No, I'm saying for real. Because the equator changes. The moon has four phases, but the moon, what causes the solar eclipse is the phase three of the moon. So the phase three of the moon and the sun collided and began So it causes the whole North America equator Then yeah for the West it all become dark So in the next 25 years there be another one Is that from Interstellar? Yeah, from Interstellar. You ever watch Interstellar? I do. Yeah, so you remember when he was stuck in a library and he was telling his daughter? It's all a three-dimensional world. We live in a three-dimensional world. And that gives hints to the next solar eclipse. Like, Matt is giving us clues each and every time. so we live in the past but the future is the past. I understand you. Yeah, like, you just gotta really... Did you just call him Matt? You want a first name basis? Matt McConaughey. You got favorite movies, KD? Interstellar probably is one. See, see, see, he likes it. See, he gets it. Interstellar or Inception? Interstellar. Yeah, same with him. Interstellar's a top three for me as well. Yeah. That movie's cool. What are your big three movies? if you like. Big three, come on bro, it's hard. It's always hard. So many big threes. Relatives are the worst. You ever watch Truman Show? No, just. Great movie. I want this. Great movie. I won't say that's one of my favorite. Truman, yeah, it's my favorite. Actually. Yeah, Truman Show. Good Fellas. Okay. Come on, that's a great movie. Classic. Um, Friday. Okay Classic Cliche How bro Friday I mean like everybody watching That a black uh uh uh uh uh home classic bro yeah it is that a hood classic nostalgia yeah exactly I feel like it's like classic like every like I watched that thousand times no you haven't no you haven't I have smokey no you haven't ice cube then you go like boys in the hood I mean there's so many bro yeah who would you say your favorite mine are uh right now when you just think about movies right now what's your favorite well he bro what's the three you think about right now you got a list Sicario which one? Number one, only. Number two is kind of trash. No Country for Old Men. Insane movie. And then probably it could teeter-totter either The Departed or Fight Club. Probably The Departed. Just because of the all-star cast. I like Fight Club too, though. Fight Club's crazy. No Country for Old Men could potentially be the best movie ever. He literally scared the shit out of me. How they described Javier Bardem's role is the closest to a psychopath Yeah, I think he's a psychopath every time I see him now from now on when you actually see him in real life Yeah, I've never seen him in person He shows up to your game in character No now he plays like complete he plays like other roles like I like when I sky yeah Yeah but whenever you see him you think of him with that sawed shotgun with the silencer on the end of it Or the tank What was that The tank Yeah yeah yeah You got to watch that. Nah, yeah. Nah. I watched Dumb and Dumber. That movie was funny. Yeah, yeah. That was funny. It is a great movie. KD, when celebs come into your game, are you ever distracted by people in the stands? Even just hecklers, people fucking with you. I wouldn't say distracted, but I do acknowledge them sometimes. especially if it's baddies in the stands for sure. Oh, for real? If it's celebs around the floor, you definitely want to see who it is and, you know, see if you can, you know, politic. So would you be nervous if I went to your game? I wouldn't even know you were there. Who's someone that you'd notice and be like, oh, that's cool, they're here? Corinna Cobb. Yeah. I've seen her before at a Drake concert. Yeah. um when Rihanna walks in it's hard not to know hell yeah um just all the baddies bro okay but are you ever worried that they look good from far but they're far from good nah nah cause they won't come outside cause he never gets that far he doesn't like with girls no no I'm not talking about oh okay alright
 Oh, stop chiming in. I'm talking about distance. Like, you know, he's on the court. Proximity. Yeah, yeah. Proximity. Yeah, like they're in the stands, you know, a couple rows up, and you're like, oh, she looks good. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. But then you get closer, you're like, oh, shit. Oh, that. Oh, I thought you meant like farther. Like, they look good, but they're inside. They're bad. That's what I thought you meant. Okay. I think you're just too elevated for this guy. Yeah, I don't think you're behind. I think you're above. You're above his shit right now, bro. You're ahead of us. I'm talking about how they feel inside. no because no because a girl can look very beautiful he was saying they look good afar but when you go close to them they look bad so he basically it's like an analogy when you go how many equations you gonna use today bro speed you're too smart that's the problem I know and I think he doesn't comprehend like I'm saying I'm giving formulas and math that's just the gen x what is gen x hey y'all it's just hilarious here with Hazel the beauty Rn Hazel as you know I'm having my second child is there anything that you can do to help me get back to feeling my best? Of course, we can do some under eye filler, Advogal laser facial, which is perfect for skin tightening and skin rejuvenation. And there's no need for surgery. It a perfect mommy makeover I booking my consultation with Hazel the beauty RN right now Call 212 or visit hazelthebeautyrn Hazel the Beauty RN Roll out. From the director of Toy Story 4. Buckle up. Transformers 1 is the best origin movie ever made. It's the biggest and best surprise of the year. This is going to change everything. Awesome. Transformers 1. Now playing only in theaters. PG. An alpha? No, yeah. You might be Alpha. You might be Alpha, dude. I just think y'all know it all because y'all got the computer. You grew up with an iPad. Stop. You're a tablet baby. Yeah, tablet. You ain't experienced nothing yet. I experienced a lot of stuff. What's the first program you edited on? A program? Yeah, a program. You edit? No, I don't edit. How do you get famous, dude? I stream. You don't edit when you stream. Okay, okay, okay. So you don't cut none of that stuff up and throw it on YouTube? No. Or you just put the whole thing out there? I just stream. It's live. So people if I wanted to watch it back, I couldn't go watch it Yeah, you could, it's live But I have two channels I have somebody editing my streams and make it to a video Why don't you have a profile picture on Instagram? Because I never had one And I don't want to do it That's crazy How many followers do you have now I think 15 59 just hit 59 15 million Yeah He a phenom He's crazy I'm at 27 Come on Bro Your shit ain't turned up since you been doing all of this shit? I'm just bringing wisdom and shit to the pocket Just questions I have like 1.7 or something chest out about it. Millions, bro. You hit the million. Yeah, bro. Bro, this video of him getting RKO'd by Randy Orton hit 150 million views in less than 24 hours. I've, speed, I've never seen those numbers. Insane. Ever. That's crazy. It was crazy. Are they bots? RKO'd? Bro, that's tough. Yeah. Are they fake? Who are these people? 150 million people, bro. That's a- I don't know, bro. That's 5% of the population. I don't know. I can't explain that. He's that guy, right? Currently, he's that guy. Potentially. Yeah. He really is. Yeah. wait do you follow uh football also known in america as soccer sometimes who would you say is the goat of uh football ronaldo come on see he knows bro he knows bro not to keep bringing this back up but before you got rko by randy orton somehow managed to squeal out Rinaldo better Yeah I don know it was just an instinct Yo yo what Rinaldo better completely unrelated in any way No, just like, why? Well, it's his brand. It's part of his brand. I don't know, I just instinct. I don't know. Your instinct was to scream back at Randy Orton, Rinaldo better, while he's barking at you. What drew you to Rinaldo? Huh? Why you love Rinaldo so much? Because, like, he inspired me to become great, you know, when I was around 16, 17, you know. You met him? Yeah, I met him. Oh, I did see that video. Yeah, yeah. So did 250 million other people. Did you wild out? Did you really fan out? Yeah, was that real? Yeah, bro. It didn't seem real. It felt like it was like, I don't know. Were you nervous before you met him? What do you mean, was I nervous before? Was your heart beating fast? Yeah, it was beating dumb fast, bro. I was like on 3x a trillion. Like I said, that is the best moment of my life. And the second one is making a million subs. But yeah, that's the best moment of my life. That moment right there when I'm ever not oh do you have anybody in your life that would have that type of impact or had That type of impact that when you met him you had that that moment me when he met me Though buddy I respect people yeah, but not to not like Fanda
 out like that. Right. You always been like that? Yeah. Yeah. Some people just don't get starstruck. I don't know. I was, I'm like excited to see some of these people, you know what I'm saying? Because you respect them. Yeah, because I respect them. Yeah. I see they work and shit, but it don't go past that. What about, what about, what about girls? Like, come on, there had to have been a girl that you thought was like bad as hell, like a Rihanna who shows up and you're like kind of stuttering a little bit. Nah, hell no. nothing huh? Smooth. No, if anything, if I know I'm nervous around a girl sometimes I just stay quiet until I gather my words bro and try to do too much. Sharp. Yeah, yeah. Mysterious, say less. Yeah, yeah. Type of stuff. Less is more. Are you following the Cole and Kendrick stuff? Yeah. What do you think about all that's transpired? What do you think about Cole having a little like reverse moment after dropping the seven minute drill? Yeah, I didn't. Yeah. I didn't think that would happen. Him rolling back on it? Yeah. I thought he was staying on what he said. Business. And they have a little sparring session, which it is. I don think it anything bigger than just like I better rapping than you Like it not nothing personal I don feel like so I didn think it needed to go that far Do you think like cause Jay cause Cole is like he does like a lot of community stuff. Like he's kind of off the grid, like, you know, focused on like family and just building stuff. They all three are. Nah, but I just mean like, do you think he had a quick relapse and got brought back to that type of, you know, hip hop beef drama moment and then just had a realization like, yo, I don't want to be here anymore? Maybe, maybe, maybe it was a lot of noise around, you know, that little, I guess that beef, I mean, they all friends, they all know each other, so I'm sure it was a little weird, but as a fan of the rap game, I didn't think it was too crazy what was going on. I just thought it was just three great artists trying to stake their claim as the best. Did it hurt you to see that, to see him apologize? I wouldn't say it hurt me. No, no, sorry, not hurt. Sorry, as a hip hop fan. As a hip hop fan. Like going back to Ether and even back to Pockets. It was surprising because I haven't seen that before in those situations. But Cole is just, he's untouchable as far as like talent. Lyrical talent. Everything he does What do you think Drake gonna do I don know You never know what he does bro he just one of those stealth like under the radar dudes that just pop up out of nowhere some crazy shit yeah he also just let some shit ride for five or six years before you say something you never know with him he don't really have to respond either too because he do you think he's like kind of currently solidified as like numbers wise scoreboard wise as like the go of of the space yeah um yeah but i also feel like he's competitive too and he likes that little he like he likes to rap yeah you know what i'm saying and he likes to he likes that little that lyrical sparring session regardless of who it is over his whole career you haven't seen it so you never know what he gonna do with it man that's the that's the beauty of it though because you never knew what kendrick was gonna that you gonna do when he popped out like cold, came out of nowhere and dropped a fucking album in the middle of the night. Like these dudes unpredictable. That's the crazy part about it. I feel though for Drake, it's gotta be worth his time and energy. Like he understands how precious that is. You know what I'm saying? It's a moment. I'm not saying this was not, but like I don't actually think Drake would get into like a sparring session. I think he would go to like a fight with 10 ounce gloves on to kill someone I mean you gonna try to whoop somebody ass in a sparring session too but after it not a real fight at the end of the day you going to go home and you still know this dude after it over Is it like, but who knows what could come from that? You also spar dudes and they end up fucking fighting them next month. Who knows? Well, Drake trains. Like, Drake trains with Hino, right? Or was training with Hino. Are you talking about actually sparring? No, bro, I'm talking about... No, but you were talking about... No, I wasn't. I was talking about like lyrically sparring. Lyrical sparring? Yeah. like when Drake had that thing with oh you're talking about gloves and all that shit that's an analogy what's the analogy do we need speed to explain to you what that analogy was what's going on don't worry about it when Drake had his thing with Pusha T I remember we were all waiting for the response and then his final decision was no response which was by the way the right decision not worth the time or energy look where they ended up one decision puts the guy on the map for a while. Who, Pusha T? Nah, I think if Drake had responded and done a proper diss track, now it's like a thing. By not responding, that to me is like a power move. I just think he was, I mean, he had dropped an album right after that too, so I'm sure there was a lot of lines in there directed. Drake drops a lot of subliminals too that are like...
 on... He says, he speaks his mind every time he drop music. And he drop music fucking two, three times a year sometimes. Yeah. So it's like, even if it's not a direct response in a diss record or anything like that, he gonna tell you how he feel whenever he drops it. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Are you tight with these guys? Yeah, yeah. I know these guys. Do you ever kick it though? I feel like personally I'm bad at hanging out. No, I kick it. I kick it when I can. You do? Yeah. Would you want a two man with me? what does that mean? like a two man I would not bring any women around you what? I'm good with women I know like I got good rears bro and they they fresh I never met them before and their first entry point to me is with you I got rears bro trust me I'm not rocking could you see him at Hyde? at Hyde? hell no Hyde where does that yeah LA we could probably go tonight if you wanted have you planned the 21st? Huh? Have you thought about your 21st birthday? Yeah, what's your dream 21st look like? That's like two years, bro. I don't know. I'm not really, I'm not really focused on that right now. Birthdays You just working though Yeah Yeah so you ain thought about being 21 I mean 21 is 21 Like yeah I 21 but Oh so you living like that already huh Yeah like Oh okay It just comes fast as shit, you know? Privilege, bro. Yeah. Privilege. My privilege. At 19, you doing, look at you at 19. He's a hard worker. Yeah. He's a hard worker. I just started young. I just got lucky and started young. That's really what it is. They start so young. They started when I was 15, so. That's great. I got a long time to keep going, bro. That was crazy, bro. Do you think you could beat Adam Sandler at basketball? That's a better question for you. You are Adam Sandler. Absolutely not. That dude spends a lot of time on the courts. He could ball. A ton. It looks like he's just passing though. It don't look like he's scoring. He does a lot of assists. I think he's after the assist title, that's why. Yeah. Can you play? Absolutely not. No, I can't walk. I have a bad, my ankle's ruined. Can't walk, can't come upstairs. Can you shoot though? I did a crew league shootout the other day and my goal was to win 50 Gs, would have been 21 threes and I did hit four. That's not good. It wasn't good, it was not good at all. You following Bronny at all? Yeah. You excited for his upcoming career? Yeah I wanna see what he does next Cool right He said he coming out he entered the draft draft and then he and then he might transfer if you don if you don understand the draft and shit so i think he could use another year of college and see where he at yeah yeah that father-son legacy in the nba crazy man it's saying so many of these dudes i'm playing against dudes whose sons no way you know i'm saying that about to come into the league and shit that's crazy carlos or whatever, but I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. still trying to be playing it? I want to still be able to move around at 56. I don't want to be a lazy ass 50 year old where I just quit being athletic and shit. Well, what would you do after in your fifties? Business? Because we have a business partner of yours here today. Yeah. We should talk about business. No, you- Where is he? Is he gone? No he here You are business savvy You make the right investments We see you Some crypto stuff some NFT stuff everybody got a nice team we got teams around us yeah facts but a lot of people don't take advantage of it or put the right people in place and that's really what it is especially if you're making the kind of money you do or like you know any of us except Mike do you gotta be able to diversify strategically Mike doesn't need a team yet no he needs bro That's why I don't have money because I don't have a team, bro I've been doing this shit for seven years. I made fucking 12 grand so far off the show crazy total I don't shit. I Own a house in LA a four and a half million dollar house in LA. That's now worth like 36. That's my grand investment, bro Cuz the fucking I bought it though, I bought when I buy that means we're at the height like when I buy that means everybody get out bro I mark the high of any market housing, stock, it doesn't matter as soon as I buy something get out I bought an NFT for $635,000 it's worth like $10 $10 see my house drop wasn't that bad bro like bro why can I just sit in front of a fucking computer and make a
 some decision like that with no one watching. I can't lie. I thought NFTs was going to actually do something too. I think we all did. It's about Bitcoin. That's coming back. Yeah. That's been a good year. But every fucking time we come back, they always say, it's going to hit 200,000. Every time. A million. A month. All right, man. Bye. Bye. Are you interested in anything specifically, like stuff you like to invest in? Example, I like to invest in dinosaur bones. Like collectibles. The fuck? And Pokemon cards. Dinosaur bones? I have a triceratops they like selling those? yeah because it's an art piece think about it someone walks in your house it's a triceratops T-Rex 2 the whole skeleton? just the skull I have oh shit tell them the name it's alternative investment his name is Dudley and it's a great investment for you? yeah yeah yeah for sure it appreciates a little yeah yeah it's going to appreciate kind of slow that particular market isn't like a bitcoin but like is there anything you like to have a passion for to invest in or just listen to your team? Sports teams. Make money? Mmm. I'm investing in Pickleball. Cool, cool. Women's Soccer League, MLS too. Yep. Oh, sick. Both of those leagues. Fucking volleyball league. Yeah, finger on the pulse. Yeah, I'm trying to stay in the sports arenas, man. Because Pickleball's going to come up. It is. Dude's like Michael Rubin. I'm standing on ESPN. Play Pickleball. I'm standing on top 10 countdown best plays and shit. Yeah, hell yeah. Dude, they get fucking crazy. you play alright no you are doing a weird thing just move over to the right a little bit bro my mic's right here I'm just like I only do that if you say the wrong thing like Messi better yeah alright KD you gotta go bro you got a hard out you had a hard out 27 minutes ago you gave us a lot of time bro I like talking to y man I appreciate it I appreciate you man who kicked him out he didn't say nothing fair enough I got the 5 minutes 5 minutes ago alright dude you're amazing man thank you for the time man this is happy to be a part of the team elbows bro nah I didn't be my me today I was on a plane that residue still you went to the bathroom for like 20 minutes nah no I didn't I was taking a shit appreciate you bro ladies and gentlemen Kevin Durant nice nice why am I the only one why did you because you just said his name that was it uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know what to do we'll see you next time take it easy oh also thanks Speed thank you Speed for joining us first time again first podcast it was fun it was nice crushed it we'll see you next time take it easy peace alright hey y'all it's Just Hilarious here with Hazel the beauty art rent Hazel as you know I'm having my second child is there anything that you can do to help me get back to feeling my best of course we can do some under eye filler Advogol laser facial which is perfect for skin tightening and skin rejuvenation and there's no need for surgery it's a perfect mommy makeover I'm booking my consultation with Hazel the Beauty RN right now. Call 212-772-3411 or visit HazelTheBeautyRN.com. HazelTheBeautyRN.com. You have to celebrate your wins. We've won the Mint 400 and I celebrated that win for weeks, but then we had to focus and move on. Dustin Jones, championship winning Can-Am off-road racer. Can-Am's the same. The most race wins in all types of terrain with the Maverick X3, but then they focus and move on. The Maverick R, 240 horsepower and the first seven-speed dual-clutch transmission. This thing's a game-changer. We celebrate those wins, but never for too long. The Can-Am Maverick X3 and Maverick R. Visit canamoffroad.com.